chanting of all sit in the same
meditative posture take a deep breath
and chant all in such a way that while
chanting focus on your stomach while
chanting or focus on your chest and
while chanting focus on the top of your
head feel the vibrations at these three
different parts and then peacefully
enjoy the beautiful chanting of
rayko Gotti Rico Gotti means moving in a
single straight line ten straight on
your asana with your feet together arms
touching the sides of your trouser spine
neck and head in a straight line with
eyes honestly closed keep the legs
straight at knees move the right leg a
step forward resting the heel just ahead
of left toe balance on the right leg now
to move left leg a step forward and
resting the left heel ahead of the right
toe continue to move step by step up to
ten steps move the same way in Reverse
process also maintain the eyes closed
and breathing normal in the beginning
you may feel like losing balance but
have patience and move slowly
you may even stop for a moment but do
not open the ice
Anant madera asana intoxicating bliss
pose sit in the kneeling position
keeping the big toes together and he's
separate lowering the buttocks onto the
inside of heels hold your back straight
but tense free place the palm on ankle
thumbs pointing towards each other
lend your head backward and bring your
entire concentration on the space
between the eyebrows whatever thought
comes let it come and let it go hold
this position for some time and then
bring your head back relax your entire
body
other thee breath balancing pose sit in
the kneeling position keeping the big
toes together and he is separate
lowering the buttocks onto the inside of
heels cross the arms in front of the
chest place in the arms under the
opposite armpits with the thumbs
pointing upward the point between the
thumb and the first finger should be
firmly pressed bend your head a little
forward close your eyes become aware of
the breathing process and just
concentrate on the tip of your nose hold
this position for some time now spread
your legs and just relax
primarily pranayama humming be breath
sit in a comfortable meditation asana
the spinal cord should be erect the head
straight and the hands resting on the
knees in chin or jana mudra the ideal
posture for this practice is Padma asana
the lips should remain gently closed
with the teeth slightly separated
throughout the practice make sure the
jaws are relaxed raise the arm sideways
and bend the elbows bringing the hands
to the ears use the index or middle
finger to plug the ears exhale slowly
and in a controlled manner while making
a deep steady humming sound like that of
a Blackwing
the humming sound should be speedran and
continuous for the duration of the
exhalation this is one round at the end
of exhalation breathing deeply and
repeat the process perform five rounds